XIII - PENANCE
- MÉLIE: (CHUCKLES) Amicia!
Amicia, you won't believe it...
Rodric beats Arthur at the sling!
- ARTHUR: That's not true! He was in front of the line!
- RODRIC: (LAUGHS) You're just rubbish!
- LUCAS: Are you two arguing again?
- ARTHUR: Argh, if you don't play by the rules...
- RODRIC: You're going to tell me about rules?
- AMICIA: Hugo? Have you seen Hugo?
- AMICIA: Hugo! Hugo!
- RODRIC: Hey! Where are you, kid?
- ARTHUR: Hugo!
- AMICIA: Oh no...
He's...
...gone...
(MUSIC INTENSIFIES)
Hugo!
Answer!
Oh... my head... ah...
gently now... gently...
Don't... stop... Go on...
HUGO!
Where... can he have gone?
Think, Amicia... think!
Is that a... a village?
Here?
(WINDOW SHUTS)
Hey, wait! Did anyone see a child come through here?
Please!
- CLERVIE: Oh, Amicia...
Are you feeling better?
How's the little one?
- AMICIA: Clervie? Is... Is that you?
Have you seen Hugo?
- CLERVIE: Did you shout at him again?
- AMICIA: No! Absolutely not!
- CLERVIE: Times are hard enough already
without you two arguing...
- AMICIA: But we weren't arguing any more.
- CLERVIE: Amicia, a child never runs away
without a reason.
- AMICIA: Open the door!
I'm going to find him!
- CLERVIE: Alright. But be careful...
An ill wind is on its way, Amicia...
- AMICIA: What is that?
What is going on?
- LAURENTIUS: Amicia, I've been waiting for you...
Come with me.
- AMICIA: Laurentius?
Is that really you?
- LAURENTIUS: Where is Hugo?
- AMICIA: He... He's gone.
- LAURENTIUS: (SIGHS)
I knew this would happen.
- AMICIA: i did take care of him!
- LAURENTIUS: Then why did he leave?
- AMICIA: I don't know! I... I did everything I could to protect him.
Even... horrible things...
- LAURENTIUS: It is easy to spill blood! But to love... To protect...
- AMICIA: I'm going to find him!
- LAURENTIUS: Then go!
And pray there is still time!
- HUGO: Mummy... I hear a noise outside.
- AMICIA: Hugo... That's him!
Mother?
- BÉATRICE: Amicia, come here.
- AMICIA: Yes, Mother.
- BÉATRICE: Your brother's here.
- AMICIA: How is he?
- BÉATRICE: If he's back... it's because he's not very well.
- AMICIA: But I did everything...
- BÉATRICE: You hid the truth from him.
- AMICIA: But...
- BÉATRICE: His emotions, Amicia! I warned you!
- AMICIA: Let me see him...
- BÉATRICE: He doesn't want to see you.
- HUGO: Who are you talking to, Mummy?
- AMICIA: I have to see him!
- BÉATRICE: He doesn't need you anymore.
- AMICIA: That's a lie!
- BÉATRICE: (SIGHS)
Go on then... See for yourself...
(DOOR SHUTS)
- AMICIA: Hugo... Are you alright?
- HUGO: No!
- AMICIA: What's the matter?
Why did you leave?
- HUGO: Why didn't you tell me Mummy was alive?
- AMICIA: It was for your own good, Hugo.
- HUGO: That's not true! You didn't want me to know!
- AMICIA: Don't say that!
- HUGO: You're jealous! Jealous! Let go of me!
- AMICIA: Hugo, NO!
- HUGO: Leave me alone!
- AMICIA: Hugo... Where are you?
- HUGO: (IN THE DISTANCE) Let me out!
- HUGO: Help me!
Leave me alone!
- AMICIA: It's him!
- HUGO: I want to go home.
- AMICIA: Hugo!
- HUGO: Let me go!
- AMICIA: He's there... oh... thank you...
- SOLDIER 1: Stop shouting!
Where's your sister, eh?
- HUGO: I don't know!
- SOLDIER 2: Yeah, she would make a nice little bonus on top.
- AMICIA: Laugh while you can.
- SOLDIER 1: You're gonna pay for this.
- HUGO: Amicia!
- AMICIA: I'm here! Everything's alright, Hugo! It's over!
Hey, are you alright?
They didn't hurt you, did they?
- HUGO: No.
- AMICIA: But why did you go off like that?
- HUGO: I heard Mummy...
She was calling me...
- AMICIA: It must have been a nightmare, that's all.
- HUGO: I really thought it was her...
She was in pain and...
- AMICIA: She can't feel pain where she is now.
We talked about this.
- HUGO: But...
- AMICIA: She's gone, Hugo. You have to accept it. Let's go back.
- HUGO: Alright.
- AMICIA: We must get back to the castle.
- BÉATRICE: (IN THE DISTANCE) Hugo!
- HUGO: Mummy! Amicia, it's Mummy!
- AMICIA: What?
- BÉATRICE: (GROANS)
- HUGO: It's coming from over there!
We have to go!
- AMICIA: No! You're not going!
- HUGO: But why? Let go of me!
- AMICIA: Hugo!
- HUGO: I'm coming, Mummy!
- AMICIA: Come back!
- HUGO: Mummy, where are you?
- AMICIA: No! Hugo!
- HUGO: There! She's in there!
- HUGO: Mummy!
- AMICIA: Stop! It's not her!
(TENSE & EMOTIONAL MUSIC PLAYING)
No!
NO!!
Hugo, I need you!!
(MUSIC CONTINUES)
- HUGO: I'm coming! Where are you?
- AMICIA: It's not Mummy, Hugo!
- GHOST SOLDIERS: (ECHOING) Stay with us.
- HUGO: Mummy? I can't see you!
- AMICIA: No, no!
- GHOST SOLDIERS: You're one of us now!
- AMICIA: Shut up! Let go of me!
- AMICIA: I did it for him!
And I'll kill you again if I had to!
I'LL KILL ALL OF YOU!
No! Oh no...
Not them...
No!
(RATS SQUEAKING)
Hugo... Is that you?
- HUGO: Someone's coming.
- AMICIA: It's me Hugo!
- HUGO: (ECHOING) Mummy? Is that you?
- AMICIA: Don't move!
I'm coming!
Get out of my way!
Let me...
...through...
- NICHOLAS: What are you doing here?
- AMICIA: Hugo! Come here!
- NICHOLAS: This is no place for a child.
- AMICIA: No, Lord Nicholas! DON'T TOUCH HIM! NO!
- NICHOLAS: Where is your sister?
- AMICIA: Hugo! Run! Get away from him!
- HUGO: Oh, I can hear someone...
- NICHOLAS: There is no one there.
- AMICIA: (STRUGGLING)
- NICHOLAS: Come...
Let us go.
Let us go and see your mother.
- HUGO: Alright!
- AMICIA: HUGO! HUGO, NO!
THEY'LL...
THEY'RE GOING TO...
(SCREAMING DESPERATELY)
(MUSIC FADING)